
-----
In the context of image processing, "**edges**" refer to boundaries or transitions between different regions in an image. These boundaries usually occur at points where there is a sharp change in color or intensity values. Identifying edges is a crucial step in many computer vision and image processing tasks, as it helps in understanding the structure and objects present in an image. In the next example, we are using filters that focus on identifying and enhancing the edges in the image.


#### Edge
The edge enhance filter highlights the edges of objects in the image, making them more distinct and pronounced. This filter can be used to create a more stylized or artistic effect.

```python
from PIL import ImageFilter

# Apply an edge enhance filter to the base image
edge_enhanced_image = apple_image.filter(ImageFilter.EDGE_ENHANCE)

# Save the edge enhanced image to a file
edge_enhanced_image.save('edge_enhanced_red_apple.jpg')
```
{Try it!}(python3 ImageGen2.py 1)
[Click here to refresh your base apple image](close_file base_apple.jpg panel=1; open_file base_apple.jpg panel=1)
[Click here to refresh your edge_enhanced apple image](close_file edge_enhanced_red_apple.jpg panel=1; open_file edge_enhanced_red_apple.jpg panel=1)

#### Find Edges
The find edges filter is another type of image filter that enhances the edges in an image, similar to the contour filter. However, the find edges filter typically produces a more pronounced and higher contrast effect, making the edges stand out even more. 
```python
from PIL import ImageFilter

# Apply a find edges filter to the base image
edge_image = apple_image.filter(ImageFilter.FIND_EDGES)

# Save the edge image to a file
edge_image.save('edge_red_apple.jpg')

```
{Try it!}(python3 ImageGen2.py 6)
[Click here to refresh your find edges apple image](close_file edge_red_apple.jpg panel=1; open_file edge_red_apple.jpg panel=1)



In this lesson, we explored various image filters provided by the PIL library and learned how to apply them to images generated by the DALL-E 2 API. By combining these filters with the DALL-E 2 API, you can create a wide array of unique and visually striking images.

Feel free to experiment with different filters and combinations to create your own custom images using the DALL-E 2 API and the PIL library.

{Check It!|assessment}(multiple-choice-2053686188)
